fix(prefers-reduced-motion): Edit text and improve example (#26630)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/@media/prefers-reduced-motion/index.md

> **Warning:** An embedded example at the bottom of this page has a scaling movement that may be problematic for some readers. Readers with vestibular motion disorders may wish to enable the reduce motion feature on their device before viewing the animation.

> The **`prefers-reduced-motion`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [media feature](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media#media_features) is used to detect if a user has enabled a setting on their device to minimize the amount of non-essential motion. The setting is used to convey to the browser on the device that the user prefers an interface that removes or replaces motion-based animations that trigger discomfort for those with [vestibular motion disorders](https://www.a11yproject.com/posts/understanding-vestibular-disorders/). Animations such as scaling or panning large objects can cause vestibular motion triggers.

Reviewer: It should be "the user", isn't it? The browser is specifically "the agent for _the_ user".

Author: It would be "a user" using "a browser" as "a user agent". There would have been a "the" if the sentence was "...used to detect if the user of a browser (or the user of a device) has...". In the second sentence, everything is in reference to that specific device and user and so preceded with "the".

## Examples

> This example uses a scaling animation for the purpose of demonstrating `prefers-reduced-motion`. In this example, if a user has enabled a setting for reduced motion in the accessibility preferences on their device, the `prefers-reduced-motion` media query will detect it and the CSS rule defined below will tone down the [animation](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Animations/Using_CSS_animations) on the box to a simple `dissolve` without causing vestibular motion triggers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example uses a scaling animation for the purpose of demonstrating `prefers-reduced-motion`. If you have enabled the reduced motion setting in the accessibility preferences on your device, the `prefers-reduced-motion` media query will detect the preference and the CSS within the reduced motion rules, with the same [specificity](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Specificity), but coming later in the [CSS source order](/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/Cascade_and_inheritance#source_order) will take precedence, tone down the [animation](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Animations/Using_CSS_animations) on the box to the `dissolve` animation, a more muted animation that is not a vestibular motion trigger.
```
I changed the text from "a user" to "you", as the reader is the one who will see the difference. I think it's helpful, but understand if you disagree.

Author: - changed "user" to "you"
- I retained the wording around "a setting for reduced motion" because the specific setting name depends on the OS.

### Toning down the animation scaling

#### HTML

```html
<div class="animation">animated box</div>
```

#### CSS

```css
.animation {
  animation: pulse 1s linear infinite both;
  background-color: purple;
}

/* Tone down the animation to avoid vestibular motion triggers. */
@media (prefers-reduced-motion) {
  .animation {
    animation: dissolve 4s linear infinite both;

>     background-color: green;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    background-color: green;
    text-decoration: overline;
```
color shouldn't be the only difference.

    opacity: 1;
  }
  50% {
    opacity: 0.3;
  }
  100% {
    opacity: 1;
  }
}
```

#### Result

{{EmbedLiveSample("Toning down the animation scaling")}}

> You can enable the setting for reducing motion on [your device](#user_preferences) to view the change in animation scaling. This example uses the box color and the line over the text to visually highlight when the animations switch in response to the setting being enabled or disabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can enable the setting for reducing motion on [your device](#user_preferences) to view the change in animation scaling. This example uses the background color and the line over the text to visually highlight when the keyframe animation switches in response to the setting being enabled or disabled.
```
